everyone today we'll look at the end
your condenser hi guys yeah so what
we're making is energy condenser so I'm
going to produce some items from it term
alter the equivalent exchange it at this
park yeah just like a near covalence
dust I'm so weak I should do with this
is if you've got a mystery why was it
meter relay it's one of them I'll get
right hang on yeah a meter relay or an
energy collector you can actually use
them to a pair of this but we're using
items see with this bit of the mod each
item in Minecraft has given a emc school
kind of it's a stands for energy mater
currency dirt and that has got like one
but we're going to show you some Iowans
so you made diamond well yeah so you can
make diamond because Diane was quite
angry one and it's quite I in the AMC
comes apart 8192 and we're going to show
you which items the best use to make
that yeah just out of obsidian air and
then you're gonna enjoy convince you go
so in in our next videos you please show
the material I in the energy collector
yeah okay so join us tickets in the gap
for us okay Potter conoces si what's up
Dean hang on that's better okay so if we
go over here oh gods pushing me and this
is what it looks like inside now you got
the bar at the top that's that's where
the AMC comes to if you add this next to
a meter relay or an energy collector
that would achieve fellow from them too
so that I love swimming in the bar
and you got a little tug slot there with
us with the diamond and then one going
to show you is the best items to
actually use to create diamond out of
well energy kind of so we're going to
use a 64 stack of coal that actually
gets one diamond shall have a look what
covalence just a good buddies attached
is mike i start my good that was your
purse when just yeah yeah I want news
huh that's that's my little crafting
yourself so we just used coal and now
I'm going to show your glass down dust
and this is 22 stack and this will get
you a diamond nice pretty girl and then
you got Lumpy's lalu uncles sila I'm
going to trick it to us so you know what
I'm talking about lapiz lazuli yes so
you got 10 of them and I'm like a
diamond so it's time then the easiest
ones to use coal glow dust and you know
lapis lazuli often let's put the best
yeah it is you can get koala are as well
making a koala girl just as well from
than ever so it's autumn are of
whichever is easier for you but then
these is for us and then the simplest
first years so I'm gonna stick the less
my loudest in the 62 online oh there you
go the water's diamond yeah yeah thanks
watching and we'll see in the next
tutorial